- [Instructor] I alluded to the fact earlier
that there are some differences
in the initialization phase based
on the configuration types,
and I do want to just spent a moment
and talk about some of those differences.
This actually occurred during the instantiate bean
and setters called phases, for the most part.
With Java config, those two sections,
the instantiation and the setters being called,
or actually merged into one,
and you do that with the method
that you annotate with @Bean.
So each one is executed in proper order still
by the framework, but only the works specified
within the @Bean method
is executed during the Bean lifecycle.
So as the bean's coming up,
if you don't put it in that method,
it doesn't get done, which is why those two steps
are merged when you're dealing with Java configuration.
Now autoconfiguration, instantiation of all beans
are scanned, so everything is scanned
in order to be instantiated.
All constructors marked with @Autowired,
with caveat that, when there's only one,
it will automatically be called,
then during setter injection,
any fields or any methods that aren't setters,
that are annotated with @Autowire,
will get called during the setter part.
Now, again, I want to talk about fields for just a moment,
and I know it sounds a little bit like a soapbox,
but you should not annotate fields with @Autowired,
and there's lots of reasons for that,
and you can go look at the main articles written
by Spring designers and Spring contributors
as to why that's bad.
Now, XML configuration, we didn't talk much
about it here, but it's important to note, again,
that legacy applications may still be using it,
and you may work on a team where XML
is still the preferred methodology.
In this case, instantiation of all beans
and constructor arg injection occurs
during the instantiation phase,
then you have all property injection.
So, when you're dealing with XML,
you can have P and C values,
so the P injection happens when setters are called,
and the C injection happens during instantiation.
So, those differences kind of make sense
if you think about it from the perspective of a language.
So with Java, you're handing classes that are already ready
to the bean factory, with component scanning,
it goes and figures out everything that needs to be loaded,
calls instantiation and then setters,
based on annotations, and with XML,
you're telling it which ones to call,
much like you did with Java config,
but because you're not handing it classes,
you're handing it XML, it can do it in the proper order,
based on the lifecycle framework.